{"en":"Children always appreciate small gifts of money. ^ ","ch":"孩子们总是喜欢得到一些零花钱。  "}
{"en":"Mum or dad,  of course,  provide a regular supply of pocket money,  but uncles and aunts are always a source of extra income. ^ ","ch":"爸爸妈妈当然经常会给孩子零花钱， 但是， 叔舅婶姨也是孩子们额外收入的来源。  "}
{"en":"With some children,  small sums go a long way. ^ ","ch":"对于有些孩子来说， 少量的钱可以花很长一段时间。  "}
{"en":"If fifty pence pieces are not exchanged for sweets,  they rattle for months inside money boxes. ^ ","ch":"如果50便士不拿来换糖吃， 则可以放在储蓄罐里叮当响上好几月。  "}
{"en":"Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money box. ^ ","ch":"但是能把储蓄罐装满的只有屈指可数的几个特别节俭的孩子。  "}
{"en":"For most of them,  fifty pence is a small price to pay for a nice big bar of chocolate. ^ ","ch":"对大部分孩子来说， 用50便士来买一大块好的巧克力， 是算不了什么的。  "}
{"en":"My nephew,  George,  has a money box but it is always empty. ^ ","ch":"我的外甥乔治有一个储蓄罐， 但总是空空的。  "}
{"en":"Very few of the fifty pence pieces and pound coins I have given him have found their way there. ^ ","ch":"我给了他不少50便士的硬币， 但没有几个存到储蓄罐里。  "}
{"en":"I gave him fifty pence yesterday and advised him to save it. ^ ","ch":"昨天， 我给了他50便士让他存起来，  "}
{"en":"Instead he bought himself fifty pence worth of trouble. ^ ","ch":"他却拿这钱给自己买了50便士的麻烦。  "}
{"en":"On his way to the sweet shop,  he dropped his fifty pence and it bounced along the pavement and then disappeared down a drain. ^ ","ch":"在他去糖果店的路上， 50便士掉在地上， 在人行道上跳了几下， 掉进了阴沟里。  "}
{"en":"George took off his jacket,  rolled up his sleeves and pushed his right arm through the drain cover. ^ ","ch":"乔治脱掉外套， 卷起袖子， 将右胳膊伸进了阴沟盖。  "}
{"en":"He could not find his fifty pence piece anywhere,  and what is more,  he could not get his arm out. ^ ","ch":"但他摸了半天也没找到那50便士硬币， 他的胳膊反倒退不出来了。  "}
{"en":"A crowd of people gathered round him and a lady rubbed his arm with soap and butter,  but George was firmly stuck. ^ ","ch":"这时在他周围围上了许多人， 一位女士在乔治胳膊上抹了肥皂、黄油， 但乔治的胳膊仍然卡得紧紧的。  "}
{"en":"The fire brigade was called and two fire fighters freed George using a special type of grease. ^ ","ch":"有人打电话叫来消防队， 两位消防队员使用了一种特殊的润滑剂才使乔治得以解脱。  "}
{"en":"because the lady who owns the sweet shop heard about his troubles and rewarded him with a large box of chocolates. ^ ","ch":"因为糖果店老板娘听说了他遇到的麻烦后， 赏给他一大盒巧克力。  "}